Add a useful description to README file. (#19)
EMMC-ASBL/tripper: README.md

> Tripper
> =======
> _Triplestore wrapper for Python providing a simple and consistent interface to a range of triplestore backends._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tripper

_A triplestore wrapper for Python - the best ride when handling any triplestore._
```

Author: We should sit down and agree on a common way to do things. 

The README file is a text file intended to be read by humans, hence I think we should use the notation that is most natural.

For me

    Main header
    ===========

is much more natural than

    # Main header

which looks more like a comment to me...

Author: I see no problem with mixing style as long as it makes the document more readable.

I agree that it is not obvious that a tripple-hash notation is a sub-sub-header (but there is nothing we can do with that). At the same time a tripple-hash stands out from the running text (much more than a single-hash) and gives a natural sectioning feeling for the eye, so it is not so bad either.

Reviewer: > I see no problem with mixing style as long as it makes the document more readable.

This makes things very confusing and unintuitive in my opinion. And general bad practice.

> I agree that it is not obvious that a tripple-hash notation is a sub-sub-header (but there is nothing we can do with that). (...)

Well, we could make the first and second header be hashes as well, then it would be obvious ...

Author: I think we have to discuss and agree on a style to use. No reason to spend more time arguing back and forth (although it might refine our arguments...)

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/tripper?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/tripper)

> [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-informational?logo=github)](https://emmc-asbl.github.io/tripper/latest/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-informational?logo=github)](https://emmc-asbl.github.io/tripper/)
```

> ![CI tests](https://github.com/EMMC-ASBL/tripper/workflows/CI%20-%20Tests/badge.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![CI tests](https://github.com/EMMC-ASBL/tripper/workflows/CI%20-%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EMMC-ASBL/tripper/actions/workflows/ci_tests.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
```

[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-informational?logo=github)](https://emmc-asbl.github.io/tripper/latest/)
![CI tests](https://github.com/EMMC-ASBL/tripper/workflows/CI%20-%20Tests/badge.svg)

> _The best ride when handling any triplestore._

Reviewer: You didn't like this tag-line?

Author: No problem. We can keep it as a slogan. 
I just wanted to have a more informative description as well.

> Basic concepts
> --------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic concepts

```

> **Tripper** strives for simplicity and is modelled after [rdflib] (with a few simplifications).

Reviewer: Did you see this suggested change?

> In Tripper are:

Reviewer: Did you see this suggested change?

* All IRIs are represented by Python strings.
  Example: `"http://emmo.info/emmo#Atom"`

* Blank nodes are strings starting with "_:".
  Example: `"_:bnode1"`

* Literals are constructed with [`tripper.Literal`][Literal].
  Example: `tripper.Literal(3.14, datatype=XSD.float)`

To make it easy to work with IRIs, provide Tripper a set of pre-defined namespaces, like `XSD.float`.

> New namespaces can easily be defined with the [`tripper.Namespace`][Namespace] class.

Reviewer: Insert example here.
```suggestion
New namespaces can be defined with the [`tripper.Namespace`][Namespace] class.
```

Reviewer: Did you see this suggested change?

A triplestore wrapper is created with the [`tripper.Triplestore`][Triplestore] class.

Documentation
-------------
* Getting started: Take a look at the [tutorial](docs/tutorial.md).
* Reference manual: [API Reference]

Installation
------------

> **Tripper** has by itself no dependencies outside the standard
> library, but the triplestore backends may have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tripper has by itself no dependencies outside the standard library, but the triplestore backends may have specific dependencies.
```

Reviewer: `git` is terrible at handling standard text. For ease of reading `git diff`s and reviewing documentation, keeping the philosophy of 1 sentence per 1 line, provides more easily readable `git diff`s for most cases. There might still be some things that are difficult to parse as a human, when reviewing, but it drastically improves readability.

I much prefer reviewer readability support than terminal viewer support of the raw markdown. If one want to read the documentation locally, I suggest to run the MkDown server locally (`mkdocs serve`) instead and browse the documentation in a web browser from there.

> 

Reviewer: Did you see this suggested change?

The package can be installed from [PyPI] using `pip`:

```shell
pip install tripper
```

> License and copyright
> ---------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## License and copyright

```

All files in this repository are licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE) with copyright &copy; 2022 SINTEF.

> 

Author: I think this is a too strong claim. If other parties are contributing backends, they should keep the ownership on their contributions. But SINTEF as the copyright holder of the overall Tripper package can require that all contributed backends must have a MIT license.

> 

Reviewer: I agree - _however_ aren't we going to implement a plugin-system similar to the one for `oteapi-core` for adding backends? Or are we instead going to implement a "create a PR for `EMMC-ASBL/tripper` for adding and contributing a specific backend" approach? If the latter is indeed the case, we can look to ASE and how they add copyright and license within each of the contributed files.

> 

Reviewer: Also, you need to merge in the latest changes in `main` to get the updated copyright information that exists there.

> 

Author: > Also, you need to merge in the latest changes in `main` to get the updated copyright information that exists there.

done

> 

Author: > I agree - _however_ aren't we going to implement a plugin-system similar to the one for `oteapi-core` for adding backends? Or are we instead going to implement a "create a PR for `EMMC-ASBL/tripper` for adding and contributing a specific backend" approach? If the latter is indeed the case, we can look to ASE and how they add copyright and license within each of the contributed files.

Lets not spend time now implementing a complicated plugin system. With the ontorec and sparqlwrapper plugins, I think we cover most needs for plugins. 

I updated the copyright notice to make copyright (c) SINTEF the default if not otherwise stated in the top of the file.

> 

Reviewer: > Lets not spend time now implementing a complicated plugin system. (...)

As one would be a copy-paste of what has already been developed and implemented in OTEAPI Core, I don't think it will be time-consuming, nor complicated. Unless you, of course, think the OTEAPI Core plugin implementation is complicated...

> With the ontorec and sparqlwrapper plugins, I think we cover most needs for plugins.

If this is truly true, then that's great - although it doesn't really change the fact that a proper set of guidelines and rules should be setup for how to add more backends, how they should be implemented into the core code, and what functionality they should all, at minimum, share and implement.

> 

Author: I agree that we need better guidelines (although the interface.py file already provides some formal guidelines). But I don't think that they need to go into the README file.
